Both **acgen.jl** and **acstd.jl** scripts generate **image.data.i**, **green.data.i**, and **green.bin.i** files. The **image.data.i** file stores the exact spectral function, i.e., ``A_{\text{true}}(\omega)``. The **green.data.i** file stores the imaginary time Green's function ``G(\tau)`` or the Matsubara Green's function ``G(i\omega_n)``. The **green.bin.i** file stores the imaginary time Green's function ``G(\tau)`` only. The suffix ``i`` in filename denotes index for tests. It starts from 1.

The **acflow.jl** and **minipole.jl** scripts will output quite a few files. The most important one is **Aout.data.i**. For other possible output files, please refer to the documentation of the [ACFlow](https://github.com/huangli712/ACFlow) toolkit. The **Aout.data.i** file stores the calculated spectral function, i.e., ``A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)``. The suffix ``i`` in filename also represents index for tests.

The aforementioned files are column-based plain texts. They can be opened by any text editor. Their file formats are summarized in Table **1**.

As for the **acplot.jl** script, it will generate **image.i.pdf** files, which are image files for ``A_{\text{true}}(\omega)`` and ``A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)``. Actually, the data from the **image.data.i** and **Aout.data.i** files are used to generate the **image.i.pdf** file.

| Filename | Column 1 | Column 2 | Column 3 | Column 4 | Column 5 | Number of lines |
| :------: | :------: | :------: | :------: | :------: | :------: | :-------------: |
| image.data.i | ``\omega`` | ``A_{\text{true}}(\omega)`` | - | - | -  | ``N_{\omega}`` |
| green.bin.i | ``\tau`` | ``G(\tau)`` | ``\text{Var}[G(\tau)]`` | - | - | ``(N_{\tau} + 3) \times N_{\text{bins}}`` |
| green.data.i | ``\tau`` | ``G(\tau)`` | ``\text{Var}[G(\tau)]`` | - | - | ``N_{\tau}`` |
| green.data.i | ``i\omega_n`` | Re``G(i\omega_n)`` | Im``G(i\omega_n)`` | Var[Re``G(i\omega_n)``] | Var[Im``G(i\omega_n)``] | ``N`` |
| Aout.data.i | ``\omega`` | ``A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)`` | - | - | - | ``N_{\omega}`` |

**Table 1 |** File formats for selected files generated by the ACTest toolkit. Here, Var[``G``] means error bar for ``G``. Re``G`` and Im``G`` mean real and imaginary parts of ``G``, respectively.
