The ACTest toolkit provides five Julia scripts. They are located in the actest/util directory. Here are brief descriptions for these scripts:

---

## acgen.jl

This is the core script of the ACTest toolkit. It is able to randomly generate any number of spectral functions and corresponding Green's functions according to the user's settings.

## acstd.jl

It is similar to **acgen.jl**. But its task is to generate the ACT100 dataset, which includes 100 predefined spectral functions and corresponding Green's functions.

## acmat.jl

It is similar to **acgen.jl**. But it is designed for generation of matrix-valued Green's functions.

If [fnpd = false](@ref fnpd), spectral functions with negative weights can be generated by the **acgen.jl** as well. But the synthetic Green's functions may violate the physical boundary condition for the off-diagonal Green's functions, i.e., ``G(0) + G(\beta) = 0``.

However, if the **acmat.jl** is adopted, the physical boundary condition for the off-diagonal Green's functions are always ensured.

## acflow.jl

This script provides a bridge between the ACTest toolkit and the ACFlow toolkit. At first, it will parse outputs from the **acgen.jl** or **acstd.jl** script to get the synthetic Green's functions. Next, these Green's functions are fed into the ACFlow toolkit, which will perform analytic continuation calculations and return the calculated spectral functions. Finally, **acflow.jl** script will compare the calculated spectral functions with the true solutions, and produce benchmark reports. This script needs support of the [ACFlow](https://github.com/huangli712/ACFlow) toolkit.

## acplot.jl

It is able to read ``A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)`` and ``A_{\text{true}}(\omega)``, and plot them in the same figure for comparison. It adopts the PDF format to output the figure. This script requires support of the CairoMakie.jl package.

## minipole.jl

This script provides a bridge between the ACTest toolkit and the MiniPole toolkit. It does the same things like the **acflow.jl** script. This script needs support of the [MiniPole](https://github.com/Green-Phys/MiniPole) toolkit.

---

Please execute the above scripts using the following command:

```shell
$ actest/util/script_name act.toml
```

Here, **act.toml** is the configuration file. It is a standard TOML file, primarily used for storing user's settings (i.e., control parameters). The technical details of the **act.toml** file will be introduced in the following text.

---

!!! note

    Please read the comments in the head of these scripts carefully for detailed usages.

!!! tip

    All these scripts adopt the same configuration file, i.e., **act.toml**.
